Business Requirement Specifications
Author : Sagar Patil(Business Analyst)
Title: Event Ticket Booking System
StakeHolders:
	1)Visitors
	2)Existing Customer
	3)Organiser
	4)Artist
	5)BOD
	6)Admin

Document generated with the help of  series of meetings held between stake holders, Domain Experts, Business Analysts
First Draft : 30/06/2023
Revised Draft: 30/06/2023

Explain About current Ticket Booking System for events
In the recent era there are many types of ticket booking for Movies  and events but there is no specific ticket booking system for event such as STAND-UP COMEDY,MUSICAL CONCERT,DANCE CONCERT,DRAMA/PLAYS,SEMINARS,TREKKING so we cannot book ticket for such events.
Recent Ticket booking is only for MOVIES and STAND UP COMEDY so it is required to make website for booking all types of events.

So client want to make one website which is use to book many events using internet.
Client want to reach every potential customer,organiser,artist ticket booking using website.
Business Decision makers of Ticket Booking would be able to have 360 degree view of Their Business Operations using smart devices from anywhere in world.
Artist could show their skill easily using this website provide by this website.
For every stakeholder they would be able to have personalized Business Insight to take advantage for Online Ticket Booking System.
Customers,Artist ,Organising companies would be able to perform their work business operations using ease of use.
Business Operations Team would have Inventory management information,Customer management and Information, Order Processing related details at their finger tips. 
Admin Team would be able to keep track of customers,their orders log,bunch of events for saling using customized user experience using this portal.
Customers could update their personal information using Customer Profile mantained by Event Ticket Booking Portal.
Organiser would be able to maintain events catalog as per demands of Business.
Ticket Booking portal would take advantage of online payment transfer using possible EPayment gateways as well as online payment services available. 
For administrator Business workflows would be available in automated form.
Artists would be notified with new events for performance.
Cutomers could track ticket booking placed from anywhere using online access to Portal.
Online Solution would be able to increase  business Opertions,customers and multiple events booking for organisers under one Portal.
Online Ticket Booking system would provide secure , personalized , simple user interface using smart devices, computer systems to audience of entertainment . 
Solution would be extensile for future requirements of stakeholders.

